Adds Quickstart Guides for OSS (#1344)
microsoft/fhir-server: docs/QuickstartDeployCLI.md

To start Azure Cloud Shell:
1. Select **Try It** in the upper-right corner of a code block. Selecting **Try It** doesn't automatically copy the code to Cloud Shell. 
1. Go to [https://shell.azure.com](https://shell.azure.com), or select the **Launch Cloud Shell** button to open Cloud Shell in your browser. 
1. Select the **Cloud Shell** button on the menu bar at the upper right in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).

To run the code in this article in Azure Cloud Shell:

1. Start Cloud Shell.
1. Select the **Copy** button on a code block to copy the code.
1. Paste the code into the Cloud Shell session by selecting **Ctrl**+**Shift**+**V** on Windows and Linux or by selecting **Cmd**+**Shift**+**V** on macOS.
1. Select **Enter** to run the code.

## Create resource group

Pick a name for the resource group that will contain the provisioned resources and create it:

```azurecli-interactive
servicename="myfhirservice"
az group create --name $servicename --location westus2
```

## Deploy template

> The Microsoft FHIR Server for Azure [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/fhir-server) contains a template that will deploy all necessary resources. Deploy it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft FHIR Server for Azure [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/fhir-server) contains a template that will deploy all necessary resources.<br />

Deploy using CosmosDB as the data store with the following command:
```
